web.optimization================This is an implementation of System.Web.Optimization.IBundleTransformer to enhance the Bundling and Minification support in .Net.  Currently, this will output minified javascript and an accompanying source map.To use this in a web application:1. Build and include this library in your project2. Using NuGet, install the ClearScript.V8 package to your web application project.  This should add the following 4 files to the root of your web application project:    - ClearScriptV8-32.dll    - ClearScriptV8-64.dll    - v8-ia32.dll    - v8-x64.dll    These files should not be deployed to the bin directory, but should instead be deployed at the root of your web application project.  For more information on this, see  https://clearscript.codeplex.com/discussions/458779).3. Update your BundleConfig.cs file.  Typically, you create a javascript bundle like this:    ```javascript    bundles.Add(new ScriptBundle("~/bundles/js").Include(...));    ```    With this library, you would change that line of code to this:    ```javascript    bundles.Add(new ScriptBundleWithMap("~/bundles/js").Include(...));    ```4. Build and run your project and the Microsoft Web Optimization framework will use this project to minify and source map your javascript files using Uglify2.Extending This Project======================This project uses the Chrome V8 engine as packaged in ClearScript.  This allows us to run a javascript engine in .Net, which allows us to run Uglify2 to minify assets.  Source code for ClearScript can be found at https://clearscript.codeplex.com, and ClearScript is licensed under the MS-PL (http://opensource.org/licenses/MS-PL).The javascript libraries that are used to minify resources, such as uglify2, need to be included in the Uglify project as embedded resources.  This is done by right-clicking on the .js file, properties, then setting the Build Action to Embedded resource.